So strategy, so
now we're gonna talk about how this comes
back around to content strategy, okay?
Are there any other questions there?
No, okay.
So a strategy is a distinct path
you choose to reach a goal, okay?
Again, it's a key initiative
to create meaningful change.
Which, in this instance,
change means reaching your goal.
So strategy, when we talk about strategy,
is essentially the definition
from Roger Martin who is kind of
considered the godfather of strategy.
Is strategy is gonna identify where
we'll play and how we'll win, okay?
So the first part of your, and
then we're gonna talk about the content
strategy statement that can assist us.
So the first part of your strategy
statement identifies where you're gonna
focus your efforts, okay?
And then the second part is how
you're going to win specifically.
So what general activities you'll take
within the constraints of how to play,
where winning equals
moving towards the goal.
Okay, so strategy statement,
our Help content will
deliver a consistently delightful,
always satisfying experience.
So where we'll play,
where we've decided to focus our
efforts are in our help content.
Okay, how we're gonna win is that
we're gonna deliver a delightful,
satisfying experience with Help content.
Which will essentially help us crush the
competition because no one has satisfying,
delightful experiences with
their Help content, okay?
For example.
Okay, so here's one thing.
This is a strategy and a goal, okay?
So where we'll play is gonna
be our new website and
how we think we're gonna
win is our redesign.
We're gonna deliver user centered content
that, one, increases leads, and two,
improves site wide user satisfaction.
Okay, so
our goals the measurable outcome there.
Strategy is where we'll play, how we're
gonna win, how we'll win, I'm sorry,
is to deliver user-centered content.
Sorry, that's not very clear in
the way that I've noted at this.
So you can mush this up
together if you want.
It's just important to understand the
difference because a lot of times what I
see are tactics mixed up with strategy.
Here, I think I have an example here.
Okay, so if we have, for example,
our About Us section will tell our company
story with engaging, compelling content.
Have people seen this before?
It does define kind of where we'll
play from a strategic perspective.
And I've got this down to the project
level now, by the way, okay?
So that it relates directly to content and
helps us to sort of, so
this is not anymore the larger
functional operational.
This is more functional.
What are our strategic objectives
within a project, for example, okay?
So this is super subjective because it
is difficult to measure engaging and
compelling.
It is not going to help you win,
it's not differentiating, and
it's just kinda generally lame.